sexual assault can happen anywhere. And as a chief, you have to be aware
of some really isolated events, Um, that have a higher risk of having
sexual assault. Thes could include working in, um, you know, like
in the far reaches of the ship. Maybe they're down in the build together.
Maybe two people are up on the vulture's row together. Um,
make sure that, um, there other people around so that they will be less
apt to kind of get together. You wanna keep people separate? Um,
another place, obviously. Wherever there's alcohol involved, you know,
bars and clubs. So whenever you pull into port, I make sure toe
describe to people Hey, you know what? We're all together on the same
team. Make sure that you don't get too touchy feely out there even
though, like you've been working with this person for the last, like,
a few months together, and you might have stronger feelings. Um,
for them, compared to strangers, make sure that they don't get out of
hand once whenever you pull into ports. Also, like whenever we're
doing counseling. As a supervisor, I make sure that I always have the
door open. Um whenever I'm doing like one on one counseling, or that
there is a third person in the room thin, the door could be shut.
But as long as there, um there is in a situation where it's one person's
word versus another person's word, right? You want to try to avoid
those situations as much as possible.